---
layout: post
title: "01 - Dungeons & Dragons"
date: 2016-08-15T09:24:12-07:00
author:     IWriteThings
summary:    I am now playing in a Dungeons and Dragons campaign! This is adventure one.
categories: gaming
thumbnail:  icon-desktop
tags:
 - pathfinder
 - dungeons and dragons
 - ad&d
 - 3rd edition
 - paizo
---

## Group

Sasha - Rogue

A dagger toting rogue who is comfortable in the board room or sneaking through
a window. She is fleet of foot, thoughtful, and cautious. A charismatic voice
of reason in a strange world. She was "wrongfully" arrested and offered an
opportunity at freedom in exchange for participating in an experiment. When she
awoke, she found herself trapped with two others she had never met before.

Garett - Arcane Summoner

A young nobleman with a pocket full of gold and a wildly adventurous flare. He
has a snake familiar that does the fighting when his high charisma fails him.
He formerly comes from a family who traded for wealth and power with a pact
with evil entities. His last memory was going to sleep in an inn.

To Be Named - Cleric Of Madness

A dwarf cleric who follows the path of madness. He has been thrust into a world
that mimics the teachings of his order. He feels at home as he walks with his
new friends in a world of madness.

## The Adventure Begins!

Play time - 11 Hours

The three players found themselves in a damp and dark dungeon like room. They
discovered that the dungeon was enchanted with light and darkness in order to
prevent them from easily exploring. After a little trial and error they were
able to find their way to an arena.

The group discovered doppelgangers of themselves in the arena. Garett took the
lead, initiated conversation, and was rebuked by the clone of the cleric. They
attempted to talk out their problems but after diplomacy failed, Garett and the
original cleric initiated combat.

Sasha and her doppelganger were able to come to an amicable decision in that
the doppelganger surrendered. Self preservation won out against the incredible
claims by the clerics that either side had stolen the others skin.

The clone of Garett was rendered unconscious.

After a short while the roof of the building opened to reveal an audience that
included an older gentleman as well as a man in a purple robe of many eyes.
The victors, our group, were ushered up to meet and greet with their watchers.
The man in purple, Zomm, took possession of the dead cleric clones body, the
unconscious Garett clone, and the surrendered Sasha clone.

The group discovers they were chosen to compete in a game of survival. They
have been offered an opportunity to become planeswalkers who will travel
through the multiverse collecting and cataloging goods and information from a
multitude of dead worlds. They agree after learning their alternative is a one
way trip back to their currently failing universe.

The group is provided a meet and greet with the leadership on the Citadel, a
spelljammer like ship, currently occupying nearly 300,000 square kilometers of
space. They are introduced to three important characters.

### Supporting Cast

1. Antoinette

The straight laced and overly polite underboss who handles finances, numbers,
and keeping the ship running. She has long green hair and appears to be a human
female.

2. Angelique

The bubbly sister of Antoinette. She also carries the title of underboss. She
has long black hair, a constant grin on her face, and is incredibly strong. She
worships Ele, her own Goddess.

3. Joseph Maranzano

The boss. He runs the whole ship.

4. Greg "Tall" Profaci

The groups new fixer. He provides, training, equipment, and advice, all for a
reasonable price.

## Their first mission!

The group eventually got settled in, completed their initial training, and
began the process of trying to make friends on the ship. They were offered a
job and told they would be traveling to another universe in order to deliver
supplies and extract some goods. They took the mission.

When they arrived on the planet they discovered the city they planned to
infiltrate was suffering from a debilitating plague and was under extreme
quarantine. They sent Sasha in to do some scouting and she was approached by
two rival gang members disguised as plague doctors. She was able to convince
them to help them and the group infiltrated the city without any blood shed.

The trio made their way to the inn they were supposed to meet their contacts
at, discovered it to be abandoned, and broke in. As they explored the inn,
Sasha was able to locate their contacts. Garett and the Cleric were accosted by
guards investigating the break in. Garett was able to hide behind the bar but
the Cleric was arrested for processing. He wove a tail of being there to
provide aid and exited with Garetts bag claiming it was medical supplies.

Sasha and Garett made their delivery and asked for time to rescue their friend.
They set a meeting point and left to gather allies. Knowing that the rival gang
was looking for an item that was in the possession of the guards they
approached the plague doctors and offered a trade. They help them rescue their
Cleric and the gang gets the censor from the guards. A deal was made and a
rescue mission was executed.

Sasha and Garett explained to the guards that their Cleric took the wrong bag,
they planned to provide aid, and demonstrated they had plans to head directly
to the sick and ill. The guards released the Cleric and during their discussion
the plague doctors were able to steal an item they desired from the guards.
The trio then returned to their compatriots and completed their mission.

They were praised by all parties involved for their self control, diplomacy,
and willingness to help another ship when the outcome benefits them best.

All members awarded EXP for level two. All members awarded 100 GP in gems and
jewels. All members receiving a special gift from Angelique.

### Out Of Character

I had a ton of fun playing Pathfinder with my friends. It has been a long time
since I had the chance to run a game and when I got the opportunity, I jumped
on it. If you read this, thanks. I hope you enjoyed my notes about our game. I
can't wait till we get to play again.
